When you decide to do a tattoo...
what kind of artist you must search?
Nowadays is common for tattoo artists to specialize.
As well as in other professions, like a dentist, for exemple,...
won't do everything inside of dentistry.
I believe that the tendency in the tattoo is also this
So it's important, before look for a tattoo artist, analyze his portfolio...
For confer that you want to do fits in artist's profile.
Of course that exists tattoo artists who do everything...
But believe me, if the professional refuses to do certain style...
it's because he seeks to do what he likes.
When the artist do his work with pleasure, the result is much better.
Both you and he will be happy.
In this video's tattoo, I worked in my preferred styles:
Realism and small watercolor effects.
Today I can say that I've done what I like most in tattoo...
giving up of doing others styes that don't bring me so much satisfaction.
So, if you follow these steps:
Search for a tattoo artist for his style, in a studio that offer sanitary conditions of work,
Personalize your ideias in a cool art...
There will be no mistake!   Good luck!!